---
navigation:
  title: Home
---

# About me

My name is Brandon. I have been a fullstack enginner for more than 10 years ✨

## Highlight

- Created Frontend platform team that provides consistent UX and UI structure.
- The platform consist of verticals such as dev tools, UI components, utils and micro frontend.
- Manage expectation, quality and delivery of each verticals to maintain delivery momentum and feature quality.
- Shape the platform principles that provides decision making framework for the team in day to day operation.
- The principle also presents the team as a single entity when dealing with stakeholder and user externally when it comes to external response by reducing the conigtive load of responsding.
- Provides directions and vision in shaping micro frontend architecture and component library.


## Technology
Started in PHP and jQuery and I have been using javascript in fullstack capacity for than 10 years. I have been on the fore front of FE developement, learning and evaluating different tech stacks and standards to be utilised in production.

I personally enjoy getting to know new tech and ideas and constantly think of how it can improve the current status quo. 

## Philosophy
Along my journey I realised being creative and positively impactful in providing solution was cause of my passion all along. I love to think critically how to improve the current practice and hardly settle with the first solution that came in first. 

I have to admit it's a double edge sword when the time is the constraint in the picture. With experience I'm also aware that it's always a sitaution of tradeoffs, making tradeoffs between what can the best and delivery on time. In years of experience, I've gotten better at making the tradeoffs and share with others the art of managing personal challenge and reality of time.

## Leadership
Building a team and frontent platform from the ground up has evolve myself into a jack of all trade of both technical and softskill.

An engineer that has a knack of connecting people of across the spectrum of tech industry and different domain is how I would describe myself at this point.
